# Personality-deduction-from-Instagram
In recent days, Social Media usage has been increased drastically. Especially, Instagram is one of the top platforms for visual content sharing. In this study, we are inferring the behaviour for the Big Five personality traits through the Instagram data. For this analysis, we are using the Shared Images, Content of the posts and Key Performance Indicators for each post. As part of Image analysis, we take the HSV (Hue, Saturation, and Value) color space for images and deduce the relationship between the characteristics of the users and color patterns. Usually, people will adjust the appearance of the images and then post it. So this assessment helps to understand the type of filters &amp; colors is opting by each personality. From the Linguistic information, we intended to gather the significant unigram/bigram words for each personality and trace influence over the other characteristics. The investigation is ap-proached by implementing the different categorical algorithm and validating the model accuracy. Fi-nally, with the help of metrics, we could understand the activeness &amp; social interaction for each per-sonality traits. The regression model is used to extract Features from the quantitative data. Thus, this paper will give the depth of information about actions &amp; pattern of thinking of each personality and correlation between the Instagram user’s data and characteristics. This information could be used in different domains. Commonly, this kind of analytics helps to target the correct users when setting business campaigns.
